# Transcript

[0:00] Now, let's have a look at adding an
[0:01] image to this hero section. Please
[0:03] generate an image of a woman jogging
[0:05] next to the beach. The agent correctly
[0:07] identified that it's got access to our
[0:09] image generator skill. And if we have a
[0:11] look at it, we get this image with this
[0:13] little chatbot saying, "Hey, you got
[0:15] this. Keep going." And our displayer was
[0:18] replaced with an image generated by
[0:20] Claude Code. We can use skills to give
[0:22] our agents access to extra capabilities.
[0:24] Like you saw in the intro, we were able
[0:26] to get Claude code to generate images,
[0:28] which is something that Claude can't do
[0:30] natively. So, in this video, you'll
[0:32] learn everything you need to know to get
[0:34] started with using skills, from finding
[0:36] and installing skills to creating your
[0:39] very own skills. We'll also have a look
[0:41] at the differences between skills, MCP
[0:44] servers, and custom commands. And we'll
[0:47] also look at advanced topics like
[0:49] creating skills that rely on sensitive
[0:51] data like API keys. So I think this
[0:55] infographic describes it best. We can
[0:57] use skills to teach claude code how to
[0:59] do something that it couldn't do
[1:00] natively. For example, generating
[1:03] images. Skills are basically markdown
[1:05] files with very precise instructions.
[1:07] And along with those instructions, we
[1:09] can also include any other resources.
[1:12] For example, if the agent needs to
[1:13] generate an image, the markdown file
[1:15] will contain precise instructions on how
[1:17] to use a Python script to generate those
[1:20] images. Or another example is the
[1:22] front-end design skill which provides a
[1:25] lot of context and resources for
[1:27] building highquality UI designs. So we
[1:30] can use skills to specify very specific
[1:33] workflows and even provide domain
[1:35] knowledge. So basically we can use
[1:37] skills to take the existing knowledge
[1:39] built into claude along with any tools
[1:42] that it already has access to to execute
[1:44] very specific workflows. Skills get
[1:47] confused with MCP servers all the time.
[1:50] But the real difference is that MCP
[1:52] servers simply provide new tools to the
[1:54] agent. So these tools could give the
[1:56] agent access to control a browser window
[1:58] or to access a database etc. And of
[2:02] course we can combine skills with tools
[2:04] to create very specialized workflows and
[2:07] custom commands are purely reusable
[2:09] prompts. So custom commands are not
[2:11] really related to skills or MCP servers
[2:14] in any way. These are simply reusable
[2:16] prompts that the user can store to
[2:19] easily access those prompts again.
[2:21] Whereas skills is actually autoactivated
[2:23] by the agent based on the conversations
[2:26] context. If we ask the agent to generate
[2:28] an image, it will then see it's got
[2:30] access to the image generation skill,
[2:32] pull in that skills markdown file and
[2:35] then follow the instructions in that
[2:37] file to generate an image. Of course,
[2:39] for the MCP servers and any other tools,
[2:42] those will always be available in the
[2:44] agents context. So, yes, you could have
[2:46] a tool that can generate images as well,
[2:49] but keep in mind that tool along with
[2:51] all of its meta data will be preloaded
[2:54] into the agent's context and consume
[2:56] tokens, whether or not the agent needs
[2:58] the tool or not. That's why in some
[3:00] instances skills are preferred over MCP
[3:03] servers because as you'll see in this
[3:05] video, skills actually take up very
[3:07] little context. If you are interested in
[3:09] this infographic, I'll link to it in the
[3:11] description of this video. I use Claude
[3:14] without any skills or MCP servers to
[3:16] create this landing page for a fitness
[3:19] app. So, this is very much based on the
[3:21] training data built into Claude and it
[3:23] doesn't look bad, but we will use our
[3:25] skills to greatly improve this design.
[3:28] And of course towards the end of the
[3:29] video I'll show you how to create your
[3:30] own skill for generating images and then
[3:33] we'll replace this placeholder with our
[3:36] actual AI generated image. So how do we
[3:39] add skills to claude code? Luckily
[3:41] that's super easy. We can download
[3:43] skills from existing marketplaces. So
[3:45] skills created by other users or we can
[3:48] create our very own skills. Let's start
[3:50] by downloading skills from existing
[3:52] marketplaces. Now there are really two
[3:54] ways to do this. Now, one solution, and
[3:57] this is actually the most complex
[3:59] solution, I'll show you an easier way in
[4:00] a second, is to use the built-in plugins
[4:03] function within Claude code. So, within
[4:06] Claude, we can go to plug-in and by
[4:08] default, you won't see any plugins in
[4:11] this list. What you'll have to do is
[4:13] press right to go to marketplaces and
[4:16] then add a new marketplace like the
[4:18] official Anthropic marketplace. So these
[4:21] marketplaces are typically stored in
[4:23] GitHub repositories and Anthropic has
[4:25] this official repository which I'll link
[4:27] to in the description as well. And in
[4:30] this repo we have access to several
[4:32] plugins. So if we go into the plug-in
[4:35] folder we can see all these available
[4:37] plugins. And within there we have
[4:39] something like the front-end design
[4:41] skill which basically contains a folder
[4:44] for the skill itself and this markdown
[4:47] file containing very strict instructions
[4:49] on using this skill. Now we don't really
[4:52] care about the contents of these files
[4:54] at this stage. If you want you can
[4:55] definitely read through it but it's
[4:57] nothing more than very detailed
[4:59] instructions. Now there are many
[5:01] repositories out there and if you know
[5:03] the repository path all you have to do
[5:05] is copy the URL and then we can go to
[5:08] add marketplace paste in that GitHub URL
[5:11] and of course I'm getting this message
[5:13] because I've already installed this
[5:15] marketplace but for you you will now see
[5:18] this marketplace you will be able to
[5:20] browse all the plugins and you can
[5:22] simply press spacebar to select any
[5:24] plugins you want like this front end
[5:27] design skill. So after selecting the
[5:29] skill that you want, you can simply
[5:31] press I on the keyboard to install that
[5:34] skill and then afterwards if we run the
[5:37] skills command we will see the front-end
[5:40] design skill has been installed. Now
[5:42] this has been installed at user level.
[5:45] Now I'm going to show you a way easier
[5:47] way to find and install skills. Simply
[5:50] go to this website skills.sh.
[5:53] This is a really cool project from
[5:55] Verscell and this is an open agent
[5:57] skills ecosystem. This makes it really
[6:00] easy to search for new skills. You can
[6:03] also view all the trending skills,
[6:05] what's hot right now, or just have a
[6:07] look at the all-time favorites. This is
[6:10] such a cool project. If we have a look
[6:12] at these alltime favorite skills, the
[6:14] most popular one seems to be this find
[6:17] skills skill. So with this skill we can
[6:19] ask the agent to automatically search
[6:21] this marketplace for a suitable skill
[6:24] and it will be able to install the skill
[6:26] itself. Another really useful skill is a
[6:28] skill creator skill. So with this skill
[6:31] we can give our agent some instructions
[6:33] and it will be able to create the skill
[6:36] itself. There are so many really useful
[6:38] skills here. I do recommend this for
[6:40] cell react best practices skill if you
[6:43] are using vit or react or nex.js. And I
[6:47] also really like this front-end design
[6:49] skill. So let's actually have a look at
[6:51] installing this skill. All we have to do
[6:53] is copy this command. Then back in our
[6:56] project, let's paste in that command and
[6:58] press enter. Now we can select our tool
[7:00] or CLI. So I've got cloth code installed
[7:04] and I'm also using cursor. So I'll just
[7:07] press space to select these tools. Let's
[7:09] press enter. Then we can specify if we
[7:11] want to use the skill at project level
[7:13] or globally across all of our projects.
[7:16] I like setting up skills at project
[7:18] level because that way I can add them to
[7:20] the repository and my entire team will
[7:23] have access to the same skills. Then
[7:25] I'll select sim link. Let's proceed with
[7:27] installation. And what this did is in
[7:30] the claw folder we now have this skill
[7:32] subfolder with this front-end design
[7:35] skill. And in here we've got our
[7:37] skill.md file. Since we also selected
[7:40] cursor, we can find the skill in the
[7:43] cursor folder as well. And as a catch
[7:46] all, it's also created the skill in the
[7:48] agents folder. A lot of tools and
[7:50] frameworks use the agent folder as well.
[7:53] Let's go ahead and install a few more.
[7:56] If you want to create video animations,
[7:58] you can install emotion as well. It's a
[8:00] really cool and fine skill, but I'm
[8:03] actually going to install the fine
[8:04] skills skill. Apologies for saying
[8:07] skills so many times. And let's install
[8:10] this. Cool. Let's also grab the React
[8:13] best practices as I am using Nex.js in
[8:16] this project. Let's install this skill.
[8:18] And if we wanted to give our agent
[8:20] access to a browser, we can install the
[8:22] browser use skill as well. And that's
[8:25] it. I think you get the idea. So, we've
[8:27] got a skill for using the browser. We've
[8:30] got a skill for finding skills in the
[8:31] marketplace. And then we have some
[8:33] skills to assist with the front-end
[8:35] design and using React. Right now, if we
[8:38] open Claude Code and we go to skills, we
[8:41] can see all of our project skills over
[8:43] here. If you don't see the skills,
[8:45] simply restart Claude Code and they
[8:47] should be available. And look at this.
[8:49] You can see that these skills barely use
[8:51] any tokens. If we run the context
[8:54] command, we can see the token usage for
[8:56] the skills over here as well. And
[8:58] although we've added a lot of skills to
[9:00] this project, we're barely using any
[9:02] tokens. And that is because Claude only
[9:04] loads the minimum amount of context into
[9:07] memory. And only if the skill is needed
[9:09] will it dive into these folders to pull
[9:12] in all of these additional files and
[9:14] context. But until then, the context
[9:16] window is really lean. There's actually
[9:18] a very nice way to visualize this by
[9:20] asking Claude code, "Please create an
[9:22] HTML file in the root of this project
[9:25] listing all of the skills that you have
[9:27] available. Do not dive into the details
[9:30] of the skills. Only list the context
[9:32] that you have available at this current
[9:34] point in time on this page. And this is
[9:37] the only information that's loaded into
[9:39] context at this point in time. It's just
[9:41] enough for the agent to be aware of what
[9:44] skills are available and when to use
[9:46] them. Speaking of using skills, let's
[9:48] get Claude to fix this UI. Please, can
[9:51] you use your front-end design skill to
[9:53] fix up this user interface? The website
[9:56] looks really bland and it's very sort of
[9:58] AI sloppish. So, use your front-end
[10:00] design skill to create something that
[10:02] looks modern that represents an AI
[10:05] powered fitness app. The only thing I
[10:07] want you to keep is the euro section
[10:09] with a placeholder image. We'll load the
[10:12] image after the fact. Now, you might
[10:13] have noticed that I asked Lord
[10:15] explicitly to use the skill. Now, you
[10:17] don't have to do that. The agent should
[10:19] be able to identify the skill and then
[10:22] use it automatically. But I personally
[10:24] like to nudge the agent towards using
[10:26] these skills. And look at that. The
[10:27] agent now loaded the skill into memory.
[10:30] And it's only at this point in time that
[10:32] all of this context, everything in here,
[10:35] and you can see this is really a large
[10:37] file. All of this context is only loaded
[10:41] into the conversation at this point in
[10:43] time unlike MCP servers where the tools
[10:46] along with their documentation is always
[10:49] sitting in memory. So Claude is
[10:51] currently cooking and this app should
[10:53] look very different in a few moments.
[10:55] But so Claude made his changes but let's
[10:57] also get it to verify the changes by
[10:59] using the browser. Please use your
[11:01] browser use skill to verify your
[11:04] changes. The UI needs to look correct.
[11:07] And there you go. I'm not pressing
[11:08] anything. This is the agent actually
[11:10] just going through the page itself and
[11:12] checking if everything is okay. I did
[11:16] ask the agent not to run the browser in
[11:17] headless mode because I wanted to see
[11:19] the browser myself. I think the colors
[11:21] and the font work way better with a
[11:24] fitness brand and I also like the new
[11:26] logo. Everything else just looks really
[11:28] professional. Now let's have a look at
[11:30] adding an image to this hero section.
[11:32] Now by default Claude can't generate
[11:34] images. So what we can do is give it a
[11:37] skill to teach it how to generate
[11:39] images. Creating skills is really easy.
[11:42] Of course, you can try to do it yourself
[11:44] by going through this documentation and
[11:46] then just following the instructions or
[11:49] what you can do is simply just copy the
[11:50] content of this page, give it to Claude
[11:53] and say, "Hey, I want you to create a
[11:55] skill based on this documentation and
[11:57] this is the skill that I want you to
[11:59] create." An even easier solution is to
[12:02] simply download the skill creator skill.
[12:05] So copy this command. Then let's run
[12:07] this skill. I'll select cla code. We'll
[12:10] install it at project level. And now our
[12:12] agent has access to a skill creator
[12:15] skill. I'll just restart Claude code.
[12:18] Now this is really up to you. I'm going
[12:20] to use Nano Banana Pro which is a paid
[12:23] service for generating these images, but
[12:25] I think for fun and as an added bonus,
[12:28] I'll also show you how to use an
[12:29] open-source model which is completely
[12:31] free and it should work on everyone's
[12:33] hardware. But before we create our own
[12:35] skill, you might want to join my school
[12:37] community. This is a fantastic place for
[12:39] accessing all the resources in my
[12:41] videos, and you can share ideas and get
[12:43] assistance from like-minded people in
[12:45] this community. So, if you want a
[12:47] structured way to learn all of these
[12:49] different skills, then this is the place
[12:50] for you. I also started uploading
[12:52] exclusive videos and Q&A live streams.
[12:55] And I've only priced this at $7 a month,
[12:57] which is a complete steal for the value,
[13:00] and you will be supporting my channel.
[13:02] Now, as I mentioned, we will be using
[13:03] Nano Banano Pro to generate these
[13:05] images. But I do want to prove to you
[13:07] that it is possible to use open- source
[13:09] models as well. So, in this other
[13:12] repository, I created this local image
[13:14] gen skill. This will use a free
[13:17] open-source model to generate the
[13:19] images. So, you don't need an API key,
[13:21] you don't need accounts, there's no cost
[13:23] involved, nothing. The agent will simply
[13:25] run this Python script. And this script
[13:27] uses a really tiny model for generating
[13:30] these images, which means we can simply
[13:32] ask Claude code, please use your local
[13:34] image gen skill to generate an image of
[13:37] a dog. Please store it in the open
[13:39] images folder. And let's just send that.
[13:42] It's just for fun. The agent is loading
[13:44] in that local image gen. It's now
[13:47] running the underlying Python script for
[13:49] generating the image. And now we have
[13:51] this dog.png PNG file which is a little
[13:54] bit tiny but indeed it is an image of a
[13:57] dog. Now I probably won't use this to
[13:59] generate anything photo realistic but
[14:01] this could be useful for generating
[14:03] icons or user profile images. And of
[14:06] course you don't have to use this
[14:07] specific model either. You can go on
[14:10] hugging face and generate something that
[14:11] will work on your hardware setup. If you
[14:14] are interested in playing around with
[14:16] this skill I'll upload it to the
[14:17] community. But what you're interested in
[14:19] is building your own skills. So how can
[14:22] we create a nano banana image generation
[14:24] skill that cla code can use? The first
[14:27] thing is to figure out what that
[14:29] workflow actually looks like. So when
[14:31] you define a skill, remember skills are
[14:33] really these predetermined or procedural
[14:36] workflows that you want the agent to go
[14:38] through whenever performing an action.
[14:40] For generating images with Nano Banana
[14:43] Pro, we need the agent to use a script.
[14:46] And the easiest way to do that is to
[14:47] create a working example. So, I'll
[14:50] simply go to AI Studio.google.com
[14:53] and I'll select the Nano Banana Pro
[14:55] model. Then for the aspect ratio, I'll
[14:57] just select an example like this. A
[15:00] woman running on the beach. I'll just
[15:05] add photo realistic. Let's run this. And
[15:09] cool. We now have this image. So, let's
[15:11] go to get code. And now we have this
[15:14] example code snippet. So, I'm actually
[15:16] going to copy this. Then back in our
[15:19] project, let's say I need you to create
[15:22] a new skill using your skill creator
[15:25] skill. This skill will allow us to
[15:27] generate images using the Nano Banano
[15:30] Pro model from Google. Here is an
[15:32] example code snippet for generating
[15:34] images. Keep in mind that images can be
[15:36] 1K, 2K, or 4K. Always default to 1K
[15:41] unless otherwise specified. For the
[15:43] aspect ratio, generate square images by
[15:47] default. Always store the images in the
[15:50] following folder. Then I'll just type
[15:52] public/generated
[15:54] images. But here is a really important
[15:57] topic. Working with sensitive data,
[16:00] including things like API keys. The
[16:02] Gemini API, as with many other SDKs and
[16:05] APIs, require an API key to work. So
[16:10] this is actually expecting the Gemini
[16:11] API key to be passed to it. Now you do
[16:15] not want to hardcode these keys in the
[16:17] skills because if you deploy that skill
[16:19] or maybe even share it with someone
[16:21] else, you're going to leak your API key.
[16:24] So how do you store sensitive data and
[16:26] securely pass it to these skills? Well,
[16:28] in this instance, what we have to do is
[16:30] create a new file in the root of the
[16:33] project and call it env. This env file
[16:36] should always be excluded by git and
[16:39] should never be published to the
[16:40] repository. So in your ignore file,
[16:43] always ensure that you are excluding env
[16:46] files. And if you don't have a ignore
[16:48] file in your project, simply create one.
[16:51] Then in this file, I'm going to create
[16:53] this variable. So in AI studio, I'll go
[16:57] to get API key. You can just create a
[17:00] new key or I'll just reuse this one. And
[17:02] I'm going to do this off camera, but all
[17:04] you have to do is paste in your key and
[17:06] save this. Eenv file. Now I'm going to
[17:09] tell Claude I have already created av
[17:12] file and I stored the Gemini API key in
[17:16] that file under this variable like so.
[17:20] So just always keep in mind if you are
[17:22] working with sensitive data, please do
[17:24] not pass it to claw directly and please
[17:27] don't ask claw to hardcode it in the
[17:28] skills itself. Right, let's run this.
[17:31] And as you can see, the skill creator
[17:33] skill was loaded. And of course, it's
[17:35] asking a few questions like, "You
[17:37] mentioned an example code snippet for
[17:39] generating images with a nano banana pro
[17:41] model, but it wasn't included." All
[17:42] right, that's my bad. So, I'm just going
[17:44] to pass that to Claude. All right, so we
[17:47] now have this image generator skill. If
[17:49] we have a look at the skills file, we
[17:51] have a description and all the
[17:54] instructions for using the script as
[17:56] well as all of the different sizes and
[17:58] aspect ratios. This is really really
[18:01] cool. Now the secret source behind the
[18:03] skill is this script. So in the scripts
[18:05] folder we have this Python file and it's
[18:08] this Python file that's going to use the
[18:10] Gemini SDK to generate the image. And
[18:14] this is grabbing the Gemini API key from
[18:16] our environment variables. It's not
[18:18] hardcoded in the script at all. So let's
[18:21] test it out. I'm actually going to exit
[18:23] out of cord. Let's go back in. Let's
[18:27] say, please generate an image of a woman
[18:29] jogging next to the beach. There should
[18:32] be a little AI assistant floating just
[18:35] behind her shoulder, motivating her to
[18:38] keep going. I accidentally pressed
[18:39] escape. So, let's just say resume. The
[18:42] agent correctly identified that it's got
[18:44] access to our image generator skill.
[18:46] It's running the Python script. All
[18:48] right. So, we've got our new file in
[18:50] this generated images folder. And if we
[18:52] have a look at it, we get this image
[18:54] with this little chatbot saying, "Hey,
[18:56] you got this. Keep going." This will be
[18:58] the perfect image to use on our website.
[19:01] But the problem is if we have a look at
[19:02] the file size, this is over 600
[19:05] kilobytes, which is way too big for a
[19:07] website. So thankfully, what we can do
[19:09] is create a new skill. So let's say
[19:12] please create a new skill. What I want
[19:15] the skill to do is I'm going to provide
[19:17] a link to a to an image. And this image
[19:20] needs to be optimized for a website. At
[19:23] the moment, these images are massive.
[19:26] So, I want them to be resized for use in
[19:29] a website and they should be high
[19:31] quality enough to be used in a euro
[19:33] section and they should be converted to
[19:36] webp. These converted images should then
[19:38] be moved to the public folder. I'm
[19:41] actually just going to type
[19:42] public/assets
[19:44] like that. All right, let's send this.
[19:46] So now in the cloud folder under skills
[19:48] we now have this image optimizer skill
[19:51] which also uses a Python script for
[19:53] resizing the images and converting them
[19:55] to webp. So I'll just restart cla code
[19:57] again and let's say please use your
[20:00] optimize image skill on this image. Then
[20:03] let's throw in this image that we
[20:05] generated earlier. Let's send this. And
[20:08] just as a reminder this image is 631
[20:12] kilob. And now we have this assets
[20:14] folder. And in here, let's open up this
[20:17] version of the image. And as you can
[20:19] see, the details are all there. This
[20:21] looks fantastic. But this version of the
[20:23] image is only 56 kilob. That's way
[20:26] better. Please, can you replace the
[20:28] placeholder on the homepage with this
[20:31] optimized image? And let's send this.
[20:34] And now this placeholder was replaced
[20:35] with an image generated by Claude Code.
[20:38] How awesome is that? If you enjoyed this
[20:41] video, please hit the like button and
[20:43] subscribe to my channel for more Claude
[20:44] Code and the Gentic Coding tutorials.
[20:46] Then also check out this other video and
[20:49] I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye.
